reduction in positive x direction...discarding 474 not in +x direction
discarding 508 not in +x direction
discarding 533 out of projection plane
discarding 595 not in +x direction
discarding 629 not in +x direction
discarding 633 not in +x direction
discarding 665 not in +x direction
discarding 678 not in +x direction
discarding 694 not in +x direction
discarding 566 not in +x direction
discarding 560 not in +x direction
discarding 550 not in +x direction
discarding 552 not in +x direction
discarding 577 not in +x direction
discarding 529 not in +x direction
discarding 572 not in +x direction
discarding 548 not in +x direction
discarding 574 not in +x direction
discarding 525 not in +x direction
discarding 541 not in +x direction
discarding 526 not in +x direction
discarding 530 not in +x direction
discarding 581 not in +x direction
discarding 702 not in +x direction
discarding 531 out of projection plane
discarding 524 out of projection plane
discarding 543 not in +x direction
discarding 539 not in +x direction
discarding 545 not in +x direction
discarding 520 not in +x direction
discarding 534 not in +x direction
discarding 536 not in +x direction
discarding 537 not in +x direction
discarding 527 out of projection plane
discarding 521 out of projection plane
discarding 538 not in +x direction
discarding 540 not in +x direction
discarding 542 not in +x direction
discarding 544 not in +x direction
discarding 522 out of projection plane
discarding 518 not in +x direction
discarding 535 not in +x direction
discarding 532 not in +x direction
discarding 519 out of projection plane
discarding 567 out of projection plane
discarding 568 not in +x direction
discarding 571 not in +x direction
discarding 918 out of projection plane
discarding 916 out of projection plane
discarding 922 out of projection plane
discarding 921 out of projection plane
discarding 920 out of projection plane
discarding 919 out of projection plane
discarding 924 out of projection plane
discarding 923 out of projection plane
discarding 915 out of projection plane
discarding 917 out of projection plane
discarding 4802 out of projection plane
discarding 4803 out of projection plane
discarding 4804 out of projection plane
discarding 4805 out of projection plane
discarding 4806 out of projection plane
discarding 4807 out of projection plane
discarding 4808 out of projection plane
discarding 4809 out of projection plane
discarding 4810 out of projection plane
discarding 4811 out of projection plane
125
0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60 61 62 63 64 65 66 67 68 69 70 71 72 73 74 75 76 77 78 79 80 81 82 83 84 85 86 87 88 89 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 98 99 100 101 102 103 104 105 106 107 108 109 110 111 112 113 114 115 116 117 118 119 120 121 122 123 124 
avg discarded 0.000000   avg reduced obstacle size 96.000000   avg time 19.800000
